Cleanup e0374 (#69554)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0374.md

    where T: CoerceUnsized<U> {}
```

> An [unsized type][1] is any type that the compiler doesn't know the length or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [unsized type][1] is any type where the compiler does not know the length or
```
